openData Server uses the protocol
Written on the front:
1. Hereinafter referred to as openData Server is the software
2. This software adopts the GPL-3.0 open source license
3. The author of this software retains the copyright of this software
4) openData Server is free software
5. The author shall not be liable for any loss in the operation of the released software

-1- Permissions and specifications owned by the user
1. The software is fully allowed to be modified, allowed for its own use, not allowed for resale, etc. Dissemination must comply with GPL-3.0
2. The author shall not be liable for damages caused by the software
3. If the use of the software occurs in China (including Hong Kong, Macau, Taiwan), please comply with relevant laws; If this happens elsewhere, please comply with the laws of the relevant country and region
-2- Permissions required for this software
1. File read and write permissions on the user's computer
2. Network services and access rights to the user's computer
3. Read permission for configuration information on the user's computer
-3- Dissemination and distribution of the Software
LinwinSoft, the original publisher of the Software, supports distribution of the Software, subject to the following terms
1. This software is open source software, and its downstream distributions must be open source according to GPL-3.0.
2. Commercial use of downstream versions is allowed, but authorization by the original author of the software is required
3. The original author must be credited
4. Any problems caused by the release version have nothing to do with this software.
-4- Feedback and suggestions
1. If you need to report bugs in the software, please go to the following URL:
https://gitee.com/Linwin-Cloud/linwin-DB-server
https://github.com/Linwin-Cloud/linwin-DB-server

-5- Source code
1. The original author retains the copyright of the source code
2. The original author is not responsible for any consequences of this code
3. The source code is free.
-6- Software service and operation
1. Software update support
2. Users need to provide normal production environment and test platform.
3. Software services are provided to the public, and it is not allowed to use this software to harm the interests of others
-7- The final interpretation of this agreement rests with the original author
